here on okay mascara now as those of you
know who use mascara that there's lots
of different techniques and ways of
using it but they mean being kind of
what we're hoping to hear from mascara
is to add length and thickness but also
you know the whole point of my scar is
to open the irons make it look very
beautiful
you know just using mascara is
absolutely fine because mascara just by
itself the blackness of it can make the
eye so so so good now there are also
different techniques and I mentioned one
in how to keep your lashes curled all
day that is a great great way of keeping
them cold but there's a better way and a
way to keep the lashes separated and
kind of looking long and fluffy it's a
completely different way to apply in the
scar so let's show you what it is
what you're going to need is one of
these combs look like this you know the
kind of combs that you get you can get
them in most makeup shops and you know
what these are for you applying mascara
and then you comb through them to get
rid of the clumps but we know that that
doesn't work very well because
oftentimes it clumps are too big and it
just they never really work the way that
we want them to so this is what we're
going to do and I've got demonstration
just after I finish talking you'll just
take your your comb and a mascara and
all you're gonna do is take a comb
mascara and on the ends you're just
gonna rub them the scar of back and
forth on the ends of the comb that's it
there then you gonna cry - yes and
you're then going to comb the mascara
from root to tip through your shoes now
this does a couple of things
it's separates lashes and makes them
dark it also imparts just the tiniest
bit of mascara onto the
yes this is good for a numerous reasons
then because it's such a small amount
if drives almost instantaneously you can
curl your lashes again with this tiny
bit of mascara this mascara will hold
the curl in and it can really curl and
open up the eye which is what we want
once your curl is done you've curled
them you then go back with this
technique again and comb it through you
can do like five six seven applications
of this if you want to - three is
perfectly fine and it will separate them
it will keep them cold all day long and
they are going to be starburst effect
really kind of beautiful and long and
separate so that's enough chatter let's
get to the tutorial see you later
bye bunny okay so I've already caught
the lashes here once and you can see
that I'm starting from the base of the
lash and basically just combing it
through the mascara and you want to
start right at the base because in an
ideal world the base of the lash would
be the blackest area here haven't tight
lined or anything like that you can see
the hairs are sort of going through the
comb but at the same time there's no
clumping it's almost like coating each
and every eyelash which is really the
point obviously you need to be very
careful when you're doing this I'm using
my left hand so it's a bit candid here
but you get that kind of gist but
obviously because this is metal and
these are metal teeth you do need to be
careful as you go near the eye and as
you can see the comb here and it's
pulling up you can see as I just said
every single hair looks like it's been
coated and I'm gonna give you a before
and after so you can kind of see that
the lashes on can't be at all they
really do stand out and of course this
will last you all day with the curl so
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time bye
you